good afternoon youtube this is MTP
flyers and as you can see right here in
front of us I have all five of the new
speck candyshell colors and I wanted to
go ahead and throw these up I already
did the unboxing for the pink and the
white I was excited when they came in
they were out of the other three as you
can see here I finally got them in and
when I did get the pink in the white in
I had two of each well guess what same
thing for the other colors as a matter
of fact my wife is supporting the pink
right now and I am sporting the purple
wanted to change it up a little bit I
just think that looks cool with the
white phone and my wife absolutely loves
this case so far just had these on last
night so as far as the scratching and
spidering you know the knicks on here i
don't see that many yet but as we all
know the darker colors tend to show a
little bit more than the lighter color
so the white actually might turn out
pretty well I've got to check out that
blue that looks really really cool so
what does that mean for you guys of
course I'm given all five of these out
to you guys and I'm not going to
necessarily let you pick a color that
you want I don't want to stick somebody
with a color that they don't want or
don't really need or whatever the case
may be so I guess the best way to do
this is just go ahead and pick five
people and just send them out at random
now obviously if I do have a female that
would really like the pink and I have
four other guys that when I'm pretty
sure we can work something out i don't
know if a guy would necessarily want
pink but you know what not that there's
anything wrong with that somebody might
want the pink so you know the pink of
the purple mean whatever i think they're
all great colors the pink would probably
be the least that I would go with i
would get any other color the purple
looks really nice so you guys decide go
ahead and leave spec dash your comment
or s stash your comment I don't know
what you guys whatever you guys want to
do just do s stash your comment that's
fine and this is just for you guys i'm
not posting this up as a giveaway
not letting anybody know as far as
everybody know it's just the new spec
colors the only thing I ask as always is
that you're a subscriber so if you're
new welcome to the channel you get on a
great giveaway good luck and you have
something to protect your iphone so
that's about it for the speck candyshell
they look great so far I love the colors
I'm hoping this does it justice the
purple looks a little darker over there
on the right but it is a really nice
looking color they didn't change the
design at all everything is exactly the
same the button you know what I don't
think the buttons are changed at all i
know some people did complain about him
being a little a little tough to be
pushing them down but you know what my
wife didn't have any problems with it
she says it's really it feels really
good and nothing's changed everything
looks exactly the same alright guys I
just have one more thing that I want to
talk about when I give a huge shout out
to David saucony he is the CEO president
editor-in-chief of mobility today got to
check out that website they got lots of
good tips even have a store in there for
different things not necessarily all
iphone related either many different
things you can check out great articles
he has recorded over 150 podcasts and
has a ton of subscribers that download
those I was lucky enough to have been in
on the ustream the other night just kind
of chatting with everybody and he was
nice enough to bring me in for the
podcast as a special guest it was
podcast 150 and I believe I'm going to
be doing some more of those guys so it's
going to be a lot of fun I'm really
going to enjoy doing it and I just
wanted to give David a huge shout out
and he actually gave me a prize while we
were in there we didn't have too many
people in the ustream itself for that
night it was just a little slow night
they're usually a lot busier and there
was a ton of guests obviously the guests
couldn't chat but he did have lots of
iphone stuff to give away and asked a
few questions and you know being a
reviewer you guys know this that I don't
get in on that so but he insisted that I
take something so that should be coming
shortly probably next week sometime if
he's not too busy to get that out I'm
really no rush for it but I am going to
review that on his behalf and we're
going to go ahead and try it out it's
something for a vehicle which I've never
done before and we'll go from there but
again thank you very very much David I
was exciting to do that and you know
look for some more stuff you guys know
that i started my website well I
shouldn't say you guys know I have begun
putting my website together and all your
comments and suggestions are great to
make it a more usable service that I
want to offer you guys something a
little more realistic and I just I have
lots of ideas that you guys gave me you
know even the negative ones saying you
know too much money it's a silly idea i
mean you know what I don't think it's a
silly idea I just think the idea needs
to be refined a little bit not to mean
that I'm not going to do editing for
people it will be the case but you guys
just given me more ideas maybe needs a
little more simplistic a little more
professional on those so we are going to
upgrade heavily on the software that I'm
going to be using so some fun stuff fun
stuff so I got a lot of stuff going on
and that's it enjoy the giveaway nice
it's gonna be running for about a week
and I'll go ahead and pick the five
winners what I also have gone on is the
other giveaway as some of you guys may
know it's been locked out so you know
what I'm always mention it now I have a
giveaway going for my ipod touch and I
didn't ask for any information other
than a comment on the video I never
tagged it up anything special and
everybody did a pretty darn good job not
telling anybody and not mentioning in
the video that it was a giveaway so you
guys are all entered in that I already
actually have some of those started
already gonna shoot that probably later
on tonight or tomorrow and post that up
on Monday so
good luck to the person who's going to
win that so guys this is MTP fliers
saying you'd have a great night late
afternoon or whatever's left at a
Saturday take it easy I will talk to you
later soon
you